README.md, before:

# Taxually technical test

This solution contains an [API endpoint](https://github.com/Taxually/developer-test/blob/main/Taxually.TechnicalTest/Taxually.TechnicalTest/Controllers/VatRegistrationController.cs) to register a company for a VAT number. Different approaches are required based on the country where the company is based:

- UK companies can register via an API
- French companies must upload a CSV file
- German companies must upload an XML document

We'd like you to refactor the existing solution with the following in mind:

- Readability
- Testability
- Adherance to SOLID principles

We'd also like you to add some tests to show us how you'd test your solution, although we aren't expecting exhaustive test coverage.

We don't expect you to implement the classes for making HTTP calls and putting messages on queues.

We'd like you to spend around 1 hour on the exercise.

To develop and submit your solution please follow these steps:

1. Create a public repo in your own GitHub account and push the technical test there
2. Develop your solution and push your changes to your own public GitHub repo
3. Once you're happy with your solution send us a link to your repo

Commit message:

Refactoring (#1)
* Extract contract class

* Create services, introduce dependency injection

* Move urls into appsetting

* Add bits of testing

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

# Notes

Testing is just an example, days could be spent on writing tests for this small service.

# Taxually technical test

This solution contains an [API endpoint](https://github.com/Taxually/developer-test/blob/main/Taxually.TechnicalTest/Taxually.TechnicalTest/Controllers/VatRegistrationController.cs) to register a company for a VAT number. Different approaches are required based on the country where the company is based:

- UK companies can register via an API
- French companies must upload a CSV file
- German companies must upload an XML document

We'd like you to refactor the existing solution with the following in mind:

- Readability
- Testability
- Adherance to SOLID principles

We'd also like you to add some tests to show us how you'd test your solution, although we aren't expecting exhaustive test coverage.

We don't expect you to implement the classes for making HTTP calls and putting messages on queues.

We'd like you to spend around 1 hour on the exercise.

To develop and submit your solution please follow these steps:

1. Create a public repo in your own GitHub account and push the technical test there
2. Develop your solution and push your changes to your own public GitHub repo
3. Once you're happy with your solution send us a link to your repo
